Arguments can be created in different forms in digital history than in print publications. In Digital History & Argument White Paper, Robertson and Mullen mentioned that since content are being posted online, the audience will not just be historians but anyone with or without historical background. Various forms of arguments instead of just academic texts make it easier for audience to keep up. Digital history projects tend to take narrative forms to convey the arguments and content effectively like the authors mentioned in the paper. Given that, historians can take advantages of digital medium since they can add visual argumentations, numbers, or charts to make the arguments understandable. With side aids added, there will be more analysis involved in digital forms than in print projects, and the argument would make more sense to a larger targeted audience group. While making arguments in digital medium and all the visual and analytical aids going on, it allows us to jump between zooming in and zooming out the nature of the argument thus to have a comprehensive understanding of which. When we look at the argumetn in a comutational approach, it first saves us a lot of time to manually analyze the argument, for example the voyant tools, it does all the work for us and all we need to do is to have something in mind before using it, and test it out through it by no time. Another great benefit about using the tools is that the readers and explore the data at the same time as the authors are sharing the arguments, and evidence like the frequency certain words appear in the document could be a great support of the argument. Using ditial medium to zoom in and zoom out the arguments is a new experience for me given that in other classes I did not get to explore the arguements and data myself but to be informed with the existing evidence that the historians put there. It is hard to sort something out and have a subjective understanding of the arguments when I don't get to find the data myself. I would say in digital history, it does not require us readers/users much of priori knowledge of digital history arguments since the tools are there helping us making sense of everything. Once we get comfortable using the tools, it won't be hard to understand the project even if it is an ongoing project. 
